Readme Typo Fixes (#68)
stripe/pg-schema-diff: README.md

# pg-schema-diff

> Diffs Postgres database schemas and generates the SQL required to get your database schema from point A to B while 

Reviewer: Diff is such a weird verb that I feel like it's hard to use in the first sentence of a doc. Maybe this?
```suggestion
Computes a diff of Postgres database schemas and generates the SQL required to get your database schema from point A to B while 
```

> minimizing downtime and locks. This enables you to take your database and migrate it to any desired schema defined with plain DDL.

Reviewer: "while minimizing downtime and locks" reads like a run on sentence because it's a third clause. Maybe "with minimal downtime & locks" helps a bit? Or break it into multiple sentences somehow.

> minimizing downtime and locks. This enables you to take your database and migrate it to any desired schema defined with plain DDL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
minimizing downtime and locks. This enables you to take your database and migrate it to any desired schema defined in plain DDL.
```

## Library
```bash
go get -u github.com/stripe/pg-schema-diff

> ````

Author: 👋 😢
